---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-05-27T14:10:23.761Z'
dateModified: '2016-05-27T14:10:22.827Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher: null
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-05-27-2b3f972c-e32f-4213-b41d-dd3cf7d0f4fe.md
url: 2b3f972c-e32f-4213-b41d-dd3cf7d0f4fe/index.html
_type: Article

---
****

**LIFE**

Leadership Institute

For Entrepreneurs

**__**

**_The Ministry of Business_**

****

**En\*tre\*pre\*neur (äntrəprəˈnər): **

a person who organizes and manages any enterprise, especially a business, usually with considerable initiative & risk. 

**__**

**_Business, the ministry of LIFE_**

****

**Need:**

The fastest growing unreached people group in the world is expatriates (estimated at 200 million), people living and working outside their homeland. Over 10% are Christians, a potential "in place mission force" of 20 million. The current missions movement (500K deployed globally) is stuck in the 20

th

century. "Raising support" as a funding and sending methodology collides with decreasing donor interest and increasing time spent in fund discovery. Moreover, government and cultural resistance in the most needy parts of the world pose significant barriers to traditional missions. Faster, more creative, collaborative and leveraged means are needed to reach the world with the Gospel.

****

**Opportunity:**

Change the landscape and expectations for 21

st

century missions and ministry by identifying, equipping, and financing emerging Christian entrepreneurs to serve in 

_The Ministry of Business_

.\*

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

**__**

**_\*The Ministry of Business_**

is using one's unique gifting and entrepreneurial calling to provide others with an innovative product or service as a means of ministry. Living intentionally for Christ by seeing all customers, vendors, employees, and neighbors as the mission field.

****

**Plan (2 Year): **

\*

Establish LIFE, a for-profit equipping institute and support Ecosystem. 

\*

Develop and launch LIFE Services to equip Entrepreneurs. 

o

Assessments

-- Entrepreneur, Leadership, Behavioral Styles, Gifts 

o

Boot Camp

-- MIT level business startup intensive to develop skills and customized concepts and plans. (see Curriculum Overview) 

o

Lions Den

-- a presentation event for capitalization opportunities -- a la "Shark Tank." 

o

Business Startup Support

-- Launch follow up, LIFE Coach, metrics monitoring, consulting and support services 

o

LIFE Network

-- Peer level and mentor relationships, information sharing, best thinking. 

\*

Prepare for global expansion.

****

**Outcomes:**

\*

Equip over 100 students in LIFE 

___________Boot Camp _

curriculum.

\*

Execute 5 Lions Den events.

\*

Launch at least 30 businesses (estimate $3M invested). 

\*

Certify 5 additional LIFE instructors.

\*

Develop international expansion platform.

****

**Differentiators:**

\*

LIFE Curriculum 

o

Powerful curriculum integrating MIT Course work with proprietary LIFE models (see EBQ Model, Curriculum Overview).

o

Spiritual integration of ministry intentionality and mutuality. 

o

Internships -- On-the-job training opportunities. 

o

Fast Track Startup -- Managed risk and higher success potential. 

\*

LIFE Network -- A peer community with mentors and coaches (See LIFE Ecosystem graphic). 

\*

LIFE Cycle -- 6 Step Path for Startup and Support Services (See graphic). 

\*

LIFE Coach -- Proven expertise for hands on startup and ongoing support.

\*

International Impact - Emerging economies, unreached people groups, restricted/closed countries, local empowerment and sustainability.